README.md, before:

# CodeSharp Infrastructure && Toolkit

[http://codesharp.github.com/infrastructure/](http://codesharp.github.com/infrastructure/)

![logo](http://www.icodesharp.com/codesharp.png)

==============

## dotnet(c#)

Publish on Nuget

* Core
	- CodeSharp.Core
	- CodeSharp.Core.Castles
	- CodeSharp.Core.Web
	- CodeSharp.Core

* Business Framework
	- CodeSharp.Framework
	- CodeSharp.Framework.Casltes

*
	
## obj-c

## nodejs

## java

## Build

- runfirst.bat/sh
- see upgrade.md

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");

you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 

software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

update icodesharp copyright. add server info render

README.md, after:

# CodeSharp Infrastructure && Toolkit

[http://codesharp.github.com/infrastructure/](http://codesharp.github.com/infrastructure/)

![logo](http://www.icodesharp.com/codesharp.png)

==============

## dotnet(c#)

Publish on Nuget

* Core
	- CodeSharp.Core
	- CodeSharp.Core.Castles
	- CodeSharp.Core.Web
	- CodeSharp.Core

* Business Framework
	- CodeSharp.Framework
	- CodeSharp.Framework.Casltes

*
	
## obj-c

## nodejs

## java

## Build

- runfirst.bat/sh
- see upgrade.md

## License

	Copyright (c) CodeSharp.  All rights reserved. - http://www.icodesharp.com/

	Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");

	you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

	You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
		 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 

	software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.

	See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
